hello viewers welcome to recap here
today i will talk about a science
fiction drama film
life like spoiler ahead you all just
have to sit down
keep calm and listen to me so let's
start at the start of the film
we see a couple bringing an old couch
into their apartment
the girl's name was sophie sophie did
all the work and she was about to
renovate this couch
both were happy with their married life
and were spending a happy life
their financial condition was average
but the father of sophie's husband was
so rich as he was a businessman
he was an owner of a big company but due
to some reason
sophie's husband didn't live with his
father instead
he was spending a happy life with sophie
one day
sophie's husband gets to know that his
father has died
he handed all of his property to his son
sophie's husband
he will run his father's company from
now on therefore they leave their new
lifestyle and step into the new one
they lived in a small apartment before
but now they have a beautiful huge house
but sophie wasn't much happy with this
change in her life
because it was strange that everything
changed suddenly but they accept the
reality as they had to spend their lives
like this sophie fires two servants from
the house on the very first day
because they used to do all of the work
by themselves and they weren't used to
it
sophie's husband tries to explain to her
that she shouldn't have done this
she shouldn't have fired those servants
as this is a big house so you won't be
able to work alone like before
we'll need somebody for help we'll need
someone sophie says that i am not
addicted to this
we should do our work on our own we
should spend our lives according to our
will this change affected sophie's
husband's life as well
he had to manage the whole company as
all the responsibilities were on his
shoulders now
he takes stress analyzing everything
sophie was also unable to manage all
work
sophie's husband tells this to a girl in
his company
he says that i have a solution to this
problem a scientist was in his company
and his father also worked in the
company
he made human-like robots no one could
guess that these are robots or humans
these robots do all the work as humans
do because sophie's husband needed a
person who does all the work
he brings sophie to his company he asks
her to choose any robot among all the
robots
seeing all the robots sophie is also
left astonished
they were looking like humans they
decide to keep a robot with them
the name of that robot was henry the
creator of these robots ensures sophie
and his husband that these robots won't
harm you
they are so good and useful to prove
this he asks henry to lick sophie's
husband's shoes
it means they will carry every order of
humans whether it's good or bad
it was a point to be noticed but still
they bring henry home
henry showed good performance in his
work and he did all the work all alone
it helped them a lot when sophie's
husband talked to her
he used to reply nicely therefore
sophie's husband liked him a lot
because henry was perfect and not less
than a human to them
sophie's husband used to share
everything with him at first
henry seemed weird to sophie but she
started liking him with time
she used to spend her time with henry in
red favorite books with him
henry was also very happy with them and
became frank with him
in fact he was designed to become happy
if his owner is happy
he was made to carry out his owner's
orders and to make him happy
at first sophie and her husband were
disturbed in their lives but they felt
easy now
then one day sophie asks henry about
emotions
love and human feelings he explained
nicely that what is love
emotions or human feelings and the
difference between them
seeing this sophie's husband forbids
henry to indulge in such talks
because you do other work very well
after stepping into this life
sophie's husband got this much busy that
he couldn't give sophie much time
henry noticed many times that sophie got
attached to henry and is happy with him
he used to feel jealous in spite of
knowing that henry isn't a human but a
robot
but still he started disliking henry he
always remembered the fact that he is a
robot
not a human sophie considered him a
human as he had all the feelings in him
like humans
she was really impressed by henry due to
this but sophie's husband doesn't like
this
he tries to explain to his wife that he
isn't a human but a robot
don't let him feel that he's a human
because he'll behave exactly as you
treat him
if they considered henry a human he'll
start thinking of himself as a human
but sophie doesn't agree with her
husband because henry was perfect like
humans
he did his work perfectly and didn't do
any mistakes as humans do
one night sophie hears some noise she
goes to check henry in his place but he
wasn't there
the door was open and sophie sees that
henry is laying in the garden
when she goes near him she realizes that
he is dreaming
this thing was new and weird in the
robots sophie's husband wakes him up and
they take him inside
the next day they tell the scientist
about this problem that henry went to
the garden in the midnight
therefore that scientist comes to their
home and checks henry
they tell them that it hasn't any fault
this is a small error that is normal
this won't happen again you'll not
experience any complaints
sophie tells the scientist that i
noticed him dreaming on which scientist
says that henry is living with you many
past days
therefore he might have thought of you
and some feelings are generated in him
you made henry feel like a human so he
started considering himself as a human
hearing this sophie's husband becomes
angry with his wife
that everything happened because of you
you are treating him like a human
therefore that error appeared and you'll
consider him just a robotic machine
he doesn't have feelings he'll do what
we ask him to do
but sophie didn't think like this about
henry and she will never
both husband and wife become angry with
each other therefore
sophie's husband asks henry to stay away
from his wife
you won't spend time with her you won't
read books with her
hearing this henry asks sophie's husband
have i done any mistake
sophie's husband says that don't argue
with me just follow the command
the next day henry tells everything
sophie so she becomes angry and leaves
the house
intelligent henry explains to sophie's
husband that the issues between you and
your wife aren't because of me
this happened after entering a new life
they didn't stay close to each other and
they couldn't give time to each other
therefore sophie attracted to henry she
started liking him in spite of knowing
that he isn't a human
she kept thinking of her she dreamt of
him henry was so nice that sophie's
husband also started liking him
he was also attracted to him one day
when sophie wasn't at home
sophie's husband is very bad with henry
henry feels bad due to this
he doesn't tell this sophie he hides it
sophie's husband apologizes to her and
asks her to come back home
but sophie started like henry now when
sophie and henry were together
henry develops some human feelings and
confesses that he loves her
hearing this sophie gets nervous and
scared because he started behaving
exactly like humans
she gets thus much afraid that she asks
henry to go back to the place where he
came from
sophie tells her husband that henry
confessed that he loves her
hearing this sophie's husband feels
aggressive he wakes up henry and slaps
him
he turns off henry then he calls the
scientist to take this robot back as
they don't need it now
he has destroyed our lives but henry had
completely changed
he had acknowledged that they are about
to destroy him he requests sophie not to
send him away as he is liking staying
here
don't destroy me kindly i accept my
mistake that i said wrong
i am ashamed of this don't know when he
started developing human emotions and he
started liking sophie
she tells sophie that her husband did
wrong with him sophie feels very bad
after hearing this
both husband and wife confess that both
of them got attracted to henry
they regret over it and they will soon
get rid of this robot
they'll spend a good and simple life
together then then that genetist comes
to bring henry
but henry wasn't following the command
like before he say bad words to the
scientist and a huge secret is revealed
here
we saw from the beginning that henry
never looked like a robot but looked
like a human
because in fact he wasn't a robot but a
human
scientist was responsible for this as he
calls himself a robot maker
this thing was started by his father he
did experiments to make human perfect
he wanted to design him so that he
doesn't do any mistakes and obeys all
the commands
this experiment wasn't done on robots
but it was being done on a live human
beings
they taught them many good things he
kept trying to make humans perfect
as he did with henry he started
brainwashing henry when he was a kid
he was taught that he is a robot not a
human but was it possible to change
someone
when he started living with sophie and
her husband his humanistic emotions
popped up
like his dreaming and love for sophie
etc sophie and her husband
attracted to henry because he was a
human when police find this out
it takes all of the members of the
company the people who were considered
robots
when that scientist sees his experiment
getting destroyed
he becomes mad and crazy he kills the
police officers that were coming there
to kill him
he also tries to kill sophie and his
husband but henry protects them
he kills the scientist henry becomes so
sad and attempts suicide
he left sophie and her husband for good
then we are shown a scene from a few
years later
they named that baby henry they never
forgot henry but he became a forever
memory for them
they wanted to keep henry with them so
they named their son henry
if you like the video give a thumbs up
subscribe our channel and press the bell
icon so that you can get notifications
as soon as we upload a new video
see you in next video